So we understand permissions,
we understand how to set firewalls.
Next, we got to keep our
applications up to date.
One of the biggest source of hacks and
breaches is people that just
simply don't patch their systems.
And it's kind of wild that,
especially WordPress installations get
hacked all the time and all people have
to do is keep their stuff up to date, but
it's really really easy to get.
And you know me I'm pretty lazy so
I wanna do this as easy as possible,
I want my system to do it for me.
Fortunately if you're getting the kind
of gist of Ubuntu there's always
an apt package to do it for you.
So we're gonna install
unattended upgrades.
So that will allow the upgrades to run
on the system at a periodic function and
we don't do anything.
It'll just do it automatically for us,
we just have to configure it a little bit.
So go ahead and try that out now.
The package might already be installed
depending on your flavor of Linux that
you're using or Ubuntu.
But I like to double check.
So it's sudo apt install
unattended-upgrades.
So hopefully you ran the sudo
apt install unattended-upgrades.
It may have been installed already.
Save yourself from trouble.
But let's go ahead and configure it.
We want it to run at a low priority.
That means we want it to
happen in the background,
whatever the system is not
really doing too much.
So we're gonna use
dpkg-reconfigure just to double
check, So it does
a nice friendly warning sign like applying
updates on a frequent basis is important,
blah, blah, blah, blah, just like we're
saying, it's telling you the same thing.
So it's saying automatically
download install stable updates.
So again more the LTS,
which we talked about yesterday.
LTS stands for?
>> Long term support.
>> Long term support, that's right.
So more on the line of these we never want
it to automatically install bleeding edge
things because they just
haven't been that well tested.
And when it comes to servers you
want things that are well tested,
cuz things that are not well tested tend
to have more errors and bugs in them.
So we'll just say yes, And that's it.
Pretty handy.
Normally before we'd have to
do some sort of cron job,
which we'll talk about in the next
section, what a cron job is.
And it would have to do all this
work we have configured but
as these technologies
advances as Ubuntu and
APT advance it makes life a lot easier
just like uncomplicated firewall.
So much better,
we're living the dream these days.